What is it guys in Welcome back.
So in this video we're going to be working in the content area as you can see that in the previews would
we regard the header and this header looks amazing.
So make sure that you follow one color and then stick with that as in the previous video Privets Pervis
section we created it and deal dot com and we followed that.
The blue on.
OK.
And now we're following the tree Schwann.
And you can see how our website will look.
So first of all I need to come here and I want to go to the home page and you can see that I am in the
page of the home page.
I have created that home page.
You guys already know that if I just go to all pages right here you can see that this is my home page.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit it with a mentor and this page is going to be edited.
So you can see that I am in the elementary age and here I can edit that completely.
But we have these things right here and these things we want to work on it.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to hit.
Go to dashboard.
I'm going to go to this page right here again and I want to come here and say the card contents lay
out.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit 100 percent full with because I want 100 percent full length
and I want to go to the table here.
And the title should be disabled.
Let's come here and here we're going to work on it right now so you can see this is Howard pages looking.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit Edyta with elementary.
And here we're going to start it.
So first of all we need to add something.
OK.
We want to add a header right here to that of a page should look better.
I want to come here I want to hit adenine section and I want to have this.
So here should be the header and the header should be having some of the featured Bozo or some trait
post-trial like this.
OK.
What I want I want
a background image first I want to just click this and I want to go to style right here.
Let's come here to the normal.
And we need a background image.
So the background image should be classic.
I want to come here to MHRA here and let's add an image so the image that I want to add
will be this.
OK.
Let's come here.
Let's insert media.
OK.
And I want to overlay so in overly.
I want it to be the black color.
So let's add the black color OK.
The back plaque colors should be full and full capacity.
And I want to increase the capacity a bit more.
Cool.
OK.
This looks cool.
I want to come here to the background.
I want to come here to attachment so it should be fixed and size should be cover so you can see how
this is coming right here.
Let's just give you the lay out and we want the content with the height to be fit to screen for this
screen.
So this is how the fit to screen is looking I think fit the screen doesn't look much better to me.
I think I should go ahead.
The minimum height so the minimum height I think 400 pixels looks cool.
Or we can show some boast if you want to.
Or we can show a tidal array here.
So let's come here and let's click this guy right here and I want to add some post.
So let's search for post
OK.
We need to do one thing and we need the pro version of this just because we can not move further until
and unless we have the procedure.
So how you are going to get the pro version and the video that you are watching right now so let's suppose
that this is the video.
This is the title of the video and here it says the resource available.
You have to just click this and it's going to take you to the resource right now and it sees good elementary
pro by clicking this link.
So what you're have to do is just click this link and you will be taken to that page.
If I just click it you can see that it just takes me.
This is my reffer link.
And if you buy it from miling I'm going to get a share.
So please just buy from my link because if you buy it it helps me continue creating more great big courses.
Ok then what you have to do you have to just go to the pricing right here and you'll be taken to the
pricing page and you can see that it says the personal and then business and the limited so are for
you will buy this plug in this plug in gives you so many extra things.
OK what your arm to do if you just go to the pro page right now you can see this plugin gives you so
many things.
Post portfolio the slides the forms the pricing table count down priceless flip box commerce view elements
and these these are also really important and we're going to discuss them later on.
OK we have shared burdens templates log in animated headline is also great.
Black code Facebook embed and these so much things for just 49 and this is for one single Web site OK.
So I think that you should be going up for this if you want to.
So what do we have to just by now.
And then you will buy it you will have the access.
So after you buy it since I already have it so I'll be just going up to my account and I will load it
from there.
OK so when you buy it what you have to do we have to log into your account.
OK.
And then in the download section you have to just download it.
So are for after you have downloaded that plug in what you have to do.
You have to just open up to complete W.P. course dot com.
OK.
And then you have to go to the dashboard right here.
I'm going to come here I am going to hit save and after coming to the dashboard What do you have to
do we have to go to the plug ins.
And then you have to go to add Neal.
OK.
And then you have to come here and you have to hit upload plug in.
So now you have to hit Choose file and then you have to navigate to the file that you have downloaded.
I'm going to go to the downloads file right here and here should be the elementary Yes this is the one
I'm going to come here and I'm going to install now so you can see that this plug in is being installed.
And here we go you can see that it's there that stays activated plug in.
I'm going to hit activate and this plug in will be activated.
Here you go.
You can see elements here.
So what I want to do right now I just want to come here and I want to hit save so.
So we have already saved this.
I want to come here and I want to refresh this page so after refreshing you will see a new feature will
be added and that will be pro feature.
So let's see here we go you can see it sees pro elements so we have template post portfolio slides form
log in nav menu.
In this so much what I want to do I want to just get here to the post I want to track it and drop it
right here so you can see that the Post has been dragged into I'll pray here and again see how they
are coming to my website.
So I want what I want to do.
I want to come here and I wonder can to be classic or a card to you can choose two of the Skins you
can see there coming like this and they're coming with this but I think the background image classic
looks amazing.
OK go I want to make some edits here and that will be a one to post-boy page to be free so you can see
Tripos true are going to appear right here.
And then I have the columns so columns should be free only.
OK I want to do one thing I want to come here I want to hit this and I basically want to come here and
I want to hit full with so you can see Fulbeck looks much better.
OK.
And then what I want here.
I want to just come here to see how this is looking so we have a feature to me.
We have a feature that may have a feature feature to make and then we have a title right here and then
we have a read more section.
So I think we should be just going with the boxed bit box it looks cool.
OK yes what I want to do I want to come here I want a heading right here and that will be coming up
here and it's going to show us
some recent
post some recent boast.
OK I want to go to style right here and I want to go to the text color.
Semitic scholars are going to be white.
OK.
I want to come here I want to click this and I want to select the topography to be on.
I want to increase the size ok and i will increase the line height.
OK.
You can see the line height is giving some space from the top and the bottom so if I just come here
and I view my post you can see how this is coming.
So we have some recent post right here.
And these are the posts that are coming.
So what I'm on trade now.
I want to add one more dot.
OK let's come here let's just edit it.
So we have the columns 3.
We have post per page and we have the image and then we have the Mansouri.
So you can see how this is changing if I just selected to make make sure we change it.
And you can also change to a major bit or if you just uncheck it it is no problem.
OK.
And then we have the image size so the image size can be thumbnail as well if you want to choose a thumbnail
or just a medium to go to the medium large
and now a thing the image pixel is cool.
OK.
Or you can go with the medium normal medium 300 by 300 pixel.
So let's see what the quality is being decreased a bit.
So I think I should go up with the medium large now it looks good.
OK.
But this is going to take some time to load on say too.
I think I should go with the medium.
OK.
And then we have the image ratio.
So I can just slow it down.
And I think this looks cool image ratio.
And then we have the image too if you wanted to create the image with.
You can also decrease it.
I'll be just going up the full 100 percent video.
OK.
And then I have the title right here so you can change the look of the title.
I'll show you how you're going to change it if you want to just hide it.
You can see that the title will be hidden.
There we go.
OK.
And then we have the title tag.
So I'm going to be choosing each two tag right here for the title.
OK.
And then we have the excerpt.
What does it serve.
Basically this is called the excerpt that how much content you want to show so you can see that I have
chosen the twenty five character if I choose one more or one more character would be added.
You can see and think I should be going up to 25 correcter because it looks cool.
OK.
And then we have the meta data so you can add so much data you can add the author name as well and something
like that.
OK so I can also show the author name the time when it was posted.
OK so time is also going to appear so you can keep us posted on 11:56 a.m. 11:55 a.m. 11:55 a.m. OK.
I'm just going to cancel it.
And I just want to show us the date the author and
so I'm going to be selecting the author a here and you can see the Alturas coming this is coming and
this is coming and then we have the separator between sort of how we want to separate it.
OK so you can separate it with three slash right here.
I think I should go to almost Prader this is the distending dash.
I said OK.
And then we have to read more.
And so this is going to come here like read more.
So you can change it if you want to.
And then we have the query.
So if you wanted to add the query you can also add the query in some recent post.
You can as a queried that how he wanted Craig to be.
So it is showing the post.
OK.
It can also show that pages if you want to.
Like if I select the pages you can see it is showing the pages.
You can also selected the what you want to show right here.
OK so you can search for any of the posts if you want to show the post of the demo.
In the search it and you can see that this is coming right here so I can show any of the featured balls.
I want to also show you how this is going to work.
Or you can show some feature post-trade right here that are like that you want your users to read.
Then they come here.
All right.
Let's show the feature.
So I just want to add that you should not miss these post.
OK.
You should not miss this post.
And here I'm going to show my feature that I want to show.
So I'm just going to come here to the Querrey right here and I'm just going to select the post that
I want to show right here OK.
I'm going to come here I'm going to select.
So my number post number one post is to tell.
If you have any of the Dell.
Dell is amazing you can see this.
You should not miss this post.
OK.
And I also want another.
So another one is iPhone if we have any iPhone so we don't have any iPhone search for us.
OK.
Let's see if we have keyboards or are not good.
There we go.
OK.
I want one more.
And that Volpi.
Hey baby.
So this one.
OK this one.
This is coming right here.
So if I just click this you can see how this is coming you should not miss these posts.
OK.
So I can also I can also change the opacity of the background a bit because this is very placket.
So I'm just going to come here and I want to come here to this dialogue here and I want to buy chrome
overlay to be
you know I think the black making it full black is a great idea.
So there we go.
This is looking cool a bit.
OK.
What I want to do right here I want to style this whole block bows now.
I just want to come here and here we have the page nation.
So if I want to have the page edition I can also add the Beiji nation.
Also show you how this is going to work.
OK.
You can add the page anation to page limit like how much post you want to limit.
So if I just add one you can see a page anation will be added that how much Beej I want to add.
So we will be just working with this in the upcoming video lectures.
OK.
I'm just going to come here to the style right here and here I have the lay out column gaps so if I
don't want any of the column gap I'll just selected because I don't want any column gap pray here.
And then the 11 should be in the center.
So aligning this in the center looks cool.
I want to come here to the image right here and a Ones spacing.
So I want a bit of spacing.
I think this much.
OK.
And then I have the final content.
So the title color is going to be the full byte.
OK Matt I should be a bit of KHRAIS OK.
And the color should match the colors so
I let it go.
OK.
Now what I want I want it to be that typography so you can change the typography if you want to.
Or you can also change the topography of your table color if you want to as well.
You can also move on with the spacing so I think it's giving some spacing.
It looks great.
OK.
And then we have the excerpt and then we have the read more button.
So read more Robert and should be green.
The tip.
This should be some spacing
OK.
OK let's add some spacing to the excerpt here.
So that read more should be read.
OK.
I want to come here to the topography of Creedmore and I want to increase the size of it.
This looks cool.
If I just come here and you can see how this is coming so you should not miss these boast if you want
to add one more layout here.
OK.
If I just click this guy right here and he can see Tay's post column.
So if I just select like for here is the I can add one more post right here.
So if I just few feel disposed you can see this is coming like this so I think we should add one more
post.
OK I'm going to come here to the post Burbidge should be increased to three increase to four.
OK.
And I want to add one more posted a query section so you can see I want to select it and let's select
any of the imagery here.
OK.
This is coming Rick this so you can order by it by the menu order.
The Del is amazing would be coming here.
Keyboards are not good would be here.
Hey baby would be coming here.
And the best would be coming right here.
OK.
So we have the menu Autor so you can go with the ascending one.
There we go.
OK.
And now here what I want to do I want I think this is looking cool.
Now if you want to it to be full if you can also add it to be full with.
So on for I think with might.
Good.
So you have to basically test that what are the things that looks good.
What are the things that doesn't look good.
So I don't think so full that this looking good here I'm just going to select the boxed with OK.
This looks cool.
Everything looks school right here and now we should work on the next section.
OK.
If you want let's just add some more functionality of the pro elements.
I'm going to show you how this animated headline is going to work how everything is going to work.
So we'll be moving this in the next video so stadium guys.
And goodbye.